For my mom in particular, she had the ability to
hear music just a little bit,
but she could never understand.
What? The words were for songs in this net,
so I used to paraphrase the songs for her.
Try to tell her what they were about and she
said everyone can kind of read each others minds.
I don't have that ability.
Both of my parents were born here.
My mother at around two years old got
rheumatic fever. And she lost about 80%
of her hearing my father and around six years old.
Lost
about 60% of his hearing from.
Section is here so. They grew up,
yeah, and their first language was signed so growing up
I,
you know, quickly learned sign language and how to communicate.
One day a person came to the office who was
deaf and they were trying to communicate with their financial
advisor and I started signing.
And it was amazing. This person was like,
you know, sign.
Within one
or two weeks after that meeting.
10 or 12 new clients came to the office.
They showed up in my office without an appointment.
Just said I want to talk with James.
I prefer to have that face to face interaction as
much as I possibly can.
If they don't want to come and meet with me.
If it's too far of a trip,
I'll make the trip to go see them to me.
I've you part of my job is to do the
best I can to help people have access to the
same level of service and professionalism that hearing.
Will get the term. CODA stands for a child of
deaf adults.
What that's referring to is someone who's grown up in
a household of deaf people and understands deaf cultures,
but they themselves are not deaf.
It's hard for me not to view every one of
my deaf clients.
Like my parents.